# 1TBA-project
This study focuses on the TATA-box binding, transcription initiation factor TFIID protein, 1TBA. Structural, sequence and machine learning algorithms-based analysis were employed to explore the evolutionary relationship of the TATA-box binding like protein, which involved identifying similarities with other known protein folds. To prove this evolutionary relationship, a support vector machine (SVM) based algorithm was developed as part of this analysis. The combined results from structural, sequence-based analysis and SVM-based algorithm led to the identification of several domain folds that are evolutionary related to TATA-box binding like protein (1TBA). Also we developed a method that will be an aid to identify new or related TATA-box binding protein-like (1TBA,B), such as Glutamine synthetase/guanido kinase (3JU6,B), LuxS, MPP, ThrRS/AlaRS common domain (3W3S,A), Thioesterase/thiol ester dehydrase-isomerase-like (4V12,A) and Tetrahydrobiopterin biosynthesis enzymes-like (5K95,B1).

Figure-2: 2a and 2a-1). Prediction performance of complete sequence models on complete sequences by AAC approach. 2b and 2b-1). Prediction performance of complete sequence models on complete sequences by DPC approach. 2c and 2c-1). Prediction performance of complete sequence models on complete sequences by Hybrid approach. 2d and 2d-1). Prediction performance of complete sequence models on Aligned sequences by AAC approach. 2e and 2e-1). Prediction performance of complete sequence models on Aligned sequences by DPC approach. 2f and 2f-1). Prediction performance of complete sequence models on Aligned sequences by Hybrid approach. 

Figure-3: 3a and 3a-1). Prediction performance of Aligned sequence models on aligned sequences by AAC approach. 3b and 3b-1). Prediction performance of Aligned sequence models on aligned sequences by DPC approach. 3c and 3c-1). Prediction performance of Aligned sequence models on aligned sequences by Hybrid approach. 3d and 3d-1). Prediction performance of Aligned sequence models on complete sequence by AAC approach. 3e and 3e-1). Prediction performance of Aligned sequence models on complete sequence by DPC approach. 3f and 3f-1). Prediction performance of Aligned sequence models on complete sequence by Hybrid approach.

Figure-4: 4a). Complete sequence models on Aligned sequences – AAC approach. 4b). Complete sequence models on Aligned sequences – DPC approach. 4c). Complete sequence models on Aligned sequences – Hybrid approach. 4d). Aligned sequence models on Aligned sequences – AAC approach. 4e). Aligned sequence models on Aligned sequences – DPC approach. 4f). Aligned sequence models on Aligned sequences – Hybrid approach. 4g). The details of the aligned sequences profile with function.


